SDL Translation Management System

Fine-Tune Your Global Translation Program
-----------------------------------------
Presenting your content in the local language of your target market
is a critical component of any successful customer engagement
program. SDL Translation Management System (TMS) automates
and accelerates global translation tasks and greatly reduces the
cost of supporting local language content. SDL TMS centralizes
translation efforts, merging manual, disparate processes into a
single, streamlined program.

Unifying people, process and technology
SDL TMS manages and streamlines the entire localization supply
chain, including project managers, language service providers
(LSPs), freelance translators, linguistic reviewers and subject matter
experts. SDL TMS integrates with existing authoring tools and
content management systems (CMS) and improves translation
efficiency with advanced translation technologies, including
translation memory, terminology management and automated
workflows.

Rapid return on investment
---------------------------
The complete outsourcing of the TMS infrastructure, software and
data enables the system to get up and running very quickly and
the low initial outlay offered by remote hosting leads to a rapid
return on investment. SDL TMS uses web protocols, services and
standards to enable rapid integration into enterprise translation
applications. With SDL TMS, translators can download translation
packages including terminology and translation memories and use
their preferred translation environment, such as SDL Trados Studio,
for offline translation on the desktop.


Benefits of a centralized translation program with SDL TMS:
------------------------------------------------------------

- Quality content for end users
Enterprises need to be viewed as an international company
doing business globally, not a foreign company trying to
extend their reach into remote markets. SDL TMS helps to
control the quality and consistency of translated content and
ensures all translations are sent through predefined review
cycles.

- Greatly reduced cost
SDL TMS automatically identifies what content has changed
and what has previously been approved. Only new content is
sent out for direct human translation. The cost of translations
can be reduced by as much as 40% and the overall cost of the
translation program can be reduced by as much as 80%.

- Decreased administrative burden
Processes that formerly required dozens of tasks are reduced
to a few human steps with SDL TMS managing the routing,
storage and communications between program participants.

- Ability to scale
Best practices and a consistent communications are enforced
by SDL TMS's workflow function that can apply a proven
process to new languages and content types with little
incremental effort.

- Multivendor support and management
TMS' flexible workflow management technology allows users
to designate unique partners as the approved translator or
reviewer to ensure subject matter experts control the final
quality of any type of output.
